listen there are so many humans that
look
like troll characters who would have
thought universal and the trolls
franchise would be the first big movie
to pivot from theaters to vod
during this lockdown and theaters are
mad talking about how they're not going
to forget this
as if there weren't bigger things to
worry about in 2020 like carol baskins
so unless you're near a drive-in theater
most trolls fans are watching this
online where they
tend to reside and boy have they made a
franchise out of this thing
the first one start anna kendrick so you
knew there was going to be an od of pop
covers and a lot of harmonizing and live
in perfect
harmony harmony
but then jt got involved and while his
wife would disagree with his methods
he injected so much music that they
otherwise wouldn't have the rights to
his song for the movie got nominated for
an academy award the movie has
then spawned a 52 episode netflix series
that had get this
eight seasons in two years there were
pop-up pop shops
specials a universal studios attraction
that includes the troll farting
glitter and now they have another sequel
before getting another series on peacock
before probably finding a way to make it
into the library of congress
let me explain so these little naked
troll dolls actually go back to 1959
when a man named thomas damn was going
through tough times and after making a
troll doll for
his daughter that blew up he was able to
expand damn toys which is a much better
name than hasbro
they've appeared in pixar people have
had them on their keychains you've seen
them in your bedroom corner
they were pretty much universal before
actually becoming universals
and i think that the entire backstory
with i'm getting a lot of copyright
lawsuits
and people making knockoffs i think it
deserves its own movie
but at the end of the day it's cool to
see that damn things have the damn
rights when it comes to their birthplace
everywhere else universal said it's time
to make the dream work
[Music]
in the first we follow these trolls who
do nothing but sing and dance after
they've escaped the bergens which are
like the boxtrol looking versions of
them who eat the main ones and
i don't know what's going on
we didn't see him sure we didn't see him
follow they sit poppy sometimes people
go into other people's mouths and they
don't come out
anna kendrick voices one of the main
trolls poppy who becomes the queen to
her people protecting them as they're
hiding out
by blasting the greatest hits of the 70s
80s and 90s i wouldn't be caught dead at
your party but you will be
caught and dead oh my god branch on the
other hand is clearly that guy who we
make fun of for stocking up
and then are hitting him up for toilet
paper asking branch to extend the favor
unlike all the other trolls justin
timberlake voices the one who doesn't
like to sing
don't worry it's just that his backstory
involves him performing a killer cover
when his grandma dies and
so he said bye bye bye to singing may i
now while the movie does follow the
journey of trolls trying to save their
village
it's also the adventures of how many pop
songs they could fit in
and they do a good job i'm not saying
that the breakout numbers don't get
annoying after a while
but they do vary them well justin
timberlake can get whoever he wants
since he's the executive music producer
and
justin timberlake people introduce a
month with this man's face but they also
managed to have a decent story in there
you know they hit all six pillars of
character and make them count
i really do like the creativity and the
animation especially the stop motion
paper cutouts
and you know they're out there doing the
twosie slide and other stuff it's funny
it's not up there with the greats
but it's decent
so this rarely happens but seconds
before uploading the straws elemy the
damn war broke out
with amc declaring that effective
immediately well everything is closed
they will no longer be playing universal
movies
now if you've listened to any lmes or
intercut
or if you've seen me on the street
yelling about this you know that i won't
stop talking about streaming in theaters
and
we told you all this stuff would happen
obviously there's the business side of
it and then there's the viewership side
of it
from our viewer perspective this is the
pettiest thing that amc could have done
they sound saltier than an x who got
dumped before the quarantine
like what are you gonna tell your
customers when they can't use their
a-list for any of these upcoming movies
that said while universal is pleasing
viewers at home during this time
business-wise they are big dicks they're
taking advantage of vod by not allowing
you to buy it so you have to
rent it and rent it and rent it they did
tell theaters to practically go screw
themselves during this period
really all studios did because only the
indie movies are
the indie movies are the only ones
supporting the music boxes of the world
going 50 50
so as much as amc is taking the l right
now this is all corporate stuff this is
all big blockbuster stuff
you all know china owns amc right and in
the uk
they've got odeon so universal isn't
gonna get a universal release without
them
because you can't be the number one
movie in america if you're not playing
in the number one biggest theater in
america
it's also not smart on amc's side which
they're already in a lot of trouble
threatening less money
when you already got less money isn't so
hot i don't know how you're going to
convince people to go out after
complaining about dwindling sales
by telling the people who just learned
that they can watch movies from the
comfort of their own home
uh including these that they can only
watch from the comfort of their own home
i love movie theaters more than 99 of
you watching i can guarantee you that
you guys know i have spent
a lot in multiple multiplexes and fast i
am rooting for them
so seeing amc pull out the biggest
headbutt
and yeah you know their last resort is
one of the craziest things that i've
experienced in all of my years covering
movies
uh whether it lasts whether it doesn't
it is definitely going to cause a lot of
changes
and either or is still a big history to
this movie and deserves to be in the lme
for it i will see how it goes you know
we'll be covering it we have been
covering it
but it's crazy to think that that makes
trolls cinematic history
so without further ado back to the
biggest movie
of 2020
now after my first watch and first easy
payment of 1999
i i'm pretty sure they were dedicated on
releasing this thing on 4
20 20. in this one there's a whole new
world of trolls that poppy didn't know
about because
her father felt the queen shouldn't know
they even give you this flashback
showing you there's an entire other five
there's techno country rock classical
funk all to go with pop all of which
make up the troll kingdom or
you know the next little knives project
and this opens up a whole new world
you're assuming the worst about someone
you haven't even met
that said barb the queen of rock is out
there collecting strings like a guitar
hero champions and she feels that some
genres are going
like way underappreciated i kind of feel
her on that you know she's taking over
all the hottest genres in order for them
to do their bidding you know the k-pop
trolls go harder than twitter fan cams
that i get done trolls are claiming
everyone as their gente
and the yodelers are yodeling and while
barb's supposed to be the bad one
i'm not gonna lie poppy gets annoying in
this one oh they must not know that
music's supposed to make you happy ah
that's awful they're stealing toilet
paper and tossing it in our faces during
this time
i seinfeld them too other than being
your friend
bogus sam rockwell voices hickory the
troll who helps them escape but everyone
knows that when sam's doing a country
accent
he shouldn't be trusted like he might
get him an oscar but
do not trust him poppy you don't even
know who this is
unclean poppy what's your name name's
hickory branch this is hickory hickory
this is bran
on top of that they get seduced by jamie
dornan voicing jazz to jazz troll who
jam
this man is d jamie this is a kid's
movie they leave him to drown yelling
about
jazz like never gisele
now while i don't think it's as funny as
the first one i think what the second
one does best is
expanding the lore and its message it's
gonna help them franchise it more
obviously but
they let people do things like literally
come in and just screw around the the
main character in the movie
she's a rock troll queen barb and she's
playing guitar
and i'm playing all of her solos you
know i'm watching the screen i'm seeing
her shredding i'm like oh my god okay i
can finally use
all this uh all these hours i spend in
the basement
on practicing my guitar in my opinion
the best character this time around was
cooper though
he realizes that he isn't a paw patrol
but a funk troll
which means more funko paw trolls and i
loved it because i love funk music
i love george clinton i love mary j
blige
so to be their child was a dream come
true for me they even cast anderson park
to break down appropriation that was
done by the paw patrol ancestors and
that's kind of become a thing that we've
seen in a lot of movies we saw that in
ragnarok we've seen it in the new frozen
movie where
the new generation realizes that it's
not just the old generation that did
something bad
it's their like own forefathers that did
it so obviously jt comes in and pays his
respects
the cool twist here is that he's dealing
with music and you know where it
originates from and
who steals from who as poppy realizes
that oh no pop steals from others
but it's a cool look at mashing up
genres and how the
basic ones that they started off with
end up blending and becoming other
things
denying our differences is denying the
truth
of who we are overall in my opinion
other than the boss baby
i don't see what universal has in terms
of franchises at the moment
sadly they cut the budget on this one
and i think 25 to 35 million dollars
less in animation is very noticeable
and at this point they're they're
sharing the same songs as shrek tail you
know i'm starting to think it's just
they're just relying on the ones
dreamwork hands in the bank they even
did aussie dirty like
you know it's bad when he has more lines
in the post malone album that he did
here
like this is a multi-million dollar
production and they got this troll out
here
out here trolling i do love how it makes
its animation just like gumball does but
i also know that that can become very
very expensive
so i'm very curious what they're going
to do as they're shifting over to a vod
release and whether that's going to cost
them a lot of money
according to deadline there's a rumor
that they struck a deal with hulu
meaning that universal
is already banking on parents renting
this multiple times because it's not
available for purchase
before releasing it to them at a
fraction of the cost thus making that
probably the biggest troll
of them all you know what we need to
bring drive-in theaters back
thank you guys for checking out this
video i'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section
what movies do you want to see the early
vod treatment for i know that scooby
doo's not coming out uh
universe also has deaden islands they're
gonna be releasing um
i'm also curious if they're gonna
actually tell you how much they're
making because at first they just said
that it was ten times higher now
supposedly they're releasing numbers
but i don't want it to be like netflix
that brags about uh
like them having the biggest box office
of all time for a christmas movie but
there's no concrete answers i do want to
make a whole video dealing with vod in
theaters because
um as much as i love it as a viewer that
we're getting them in vod
it is kind of the studios telling
theaters to fend for themselves to just
go screw off
they're not there in solidarity uh but
it's cool to see for those of you who
don't know the virtual cinemas that are
selling
uh the movies and splitting it 50 50
with the theaters i think that's
something really cool
uh but that's only coming from the
independent movies not the bigger movies
so it's going to be interesting how all
that plays out when things go back to
normal but other than that occasionally
your thoughts let me know which one did
you enjoy more
trolls one trolls two there's another
animation uh
series that you think rivals the trolls
franchise or any of the ones out there
let me know your thoughts until then
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and jt will get you for trolls
three